sentence_index	sentence
1	The Rock is destined to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal .
2	The gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` The Lord of the Rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth .
3	Effective but too-tepid biopic
4	If you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun , Wasabi is a good place to start .
5	Emerges as something rare , an issue movie that 's so honest and keenly observed that it does n't feel like one .
6	The film provides some great insight into the neurotic mindset of all comics -- even those who have reached the absolute top of the game .
7	Offers that rare combination of entertainment and education .
8	Perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions .
9	Steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it 's so clever you want to hate it .
10	But he somehow pulls it off .
11	Take Care of My Cat offers a refreshingly different slice of Asian cinema .
12	This is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all .
13	What really surprises about Wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness .
14	-LRB- Wendigo is -RRB- why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind .
15	One of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever .
16	Ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much .
17	An utterly compelling ` who wrote it ' in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question .
18	Illuminating if overly talky documentary .
19	A masterpiece four years in the making .
20	The movie 's ripe , enrapturing beauty will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries .
21	Offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication .
22	A thoughtful , provocative , insistently humanizing film .
23	With a cast that includes some of the top actors working in independent film , Lovely & Amazing involves us because it is so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives .
24	A disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of imagery and hypnotic music composed by Philip Glass .
25	Not for everyone , but for those with whom it will connect , it 's a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare .
26	Scores a few points for doing what it does with a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism .
27	Occasionally melodramatic , it 's also extremely effective .
28	An idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone .
29	At about 95 minutes , Treasure Planet maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story .
30	However , it lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with Stevenson 's tale as well as with earlier Disney efforts .
31	It helps that Lil Bow Wow ... tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid .
32	Guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled .
33	A masterful film from a master filmmaker , unique in its deceptive grimness , compelling in its fatalist worldview .
34	Light , cute and forgettable .
35	If there 's a way to effectively teach kids about the dangers of drugs , I think it 's in projects like the -LRB- unfortunately R-rated -RRB- Paid .
36	While it would be easy to give Crush the new title of Two Weddings and a Funeral , it 's a far more thoughtful film than any slice of Hugh Grant whimsy .
37	Though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static .
38	Cantet perfectly captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes that permeate Vincent 's days
39	Ms. Fulford-Wierzbicki is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating Lolita turn .
40	Though it is by no means his best work , Laissez-Passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them .
41	Like most Bond outings in recent years , some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike .
42	A heavy reliance on CGI technology is beginning to creep into the series .
43	Newton draws our attention like a magnet , and acts circles around her better known co-star , Mark Wahlberg .
44	The story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that 's even less plausible than the rest of the picture .
45	Much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride .
46	Fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn .
47	The film makes a strong case for the importance of the musicians in creating the Motown sound .
48	Karmen moves like rhythm itself , her lips chanting to the beat , her long , braided hair doing little to wipe away the jeweled beads of sweat .
49	Gosling provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film .
50	A real movie , about real people , that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us do n't know .
51	Tender yet lacerating and darkly funny fable .
52	May be spoofing an easy target -- those old ' 50 's giant creature features -- but ... it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today .
53	An engaging overview of Johnson 's eccentric career .
54	In its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works .
55	Some actors have so much charisma that you 'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book .
56	Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock are two such likeable actors .
57	Sandra Nettelbeck beautifully orchestrates the transformation of the chilly , neurotic , and self-absorbed Martha as her heart begins to open .
58	Behind the snow games and lovable Siberian huskies -LRB- plus one sheep dog -RRB- , the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart .
59	Everytime you think Undercover Brother has run out of steam , it finds a new way to surprise and amuse .
60	Manages to be original , even though it rips off many of its ideas .
61	Singer\/composer Bryan Adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .
62	You 'd think by now America would have had enough of plucky British eccentrics with hearts of gold .
63	Yet the act is still charming here .
64	Whether or not you 're enlightened by any of Derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' Derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
65	A pleasant enough movie , held together by skilled ensemble actors .
66	This is the best American movie about troubled teens since 1998 's Whatever .
67	Disney has always been hit-or-miss when bringing beloved kids ' books to the screen ... Tuck Everlasting is a little of both .
68	Just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .
69	The animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense .
70	The invincible Werner Herzog is alive and well and living in LA
71	Morton is a great actress portraying a complex character , but Morvern Callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start .
72	Part of the charm of Satin Rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .
73	Son of the Bride may be a good half-hour too long but comes replete with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness .
74	A simmering psychological drama in which the bursts of sudden violence are all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them .
75	A taut , intelligent psychological drama .
76	A truly moving experience , and a perfect example of how art -- when done right -- can help heal , clarify , and comfort .
77	This delicately observed story , deeply felt and masterfully stylized , is a triumph for its maverick director .
78	At heart the movie is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloring rather than substance .
79	The appearance of Treebeard and Gollum 's expanded role will either have you loving what you 're seeing , or rolling your eyes .
80	I loved it !
81	Gollum 's ` performance ' is incredible !
82	a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` Memento ''
83	If this movie were a book , it would be a page-turner , you ca n't wait to see what happens next .
84	Haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration .
85	Absorbing and disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little clarity would have gone a long way .
86	It 's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other Best Picture contenders should be measured .
87	Painful to watch , but viewers willing to take a chance will be rewarded with two of the year 's most accomplished and riveting film performances .
88	This is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of Iranian rural life close to the Iraqi border .
89	A few artsy flourishes aside , Narc is as gritty as a movie gets these days .
90	While The Isle is both preposterous and thoroughly misogynistic , its vistas are incredibly beautiful to look at .
91	Together , Tok and O orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death .
92	In the process , they demonstrate that there 's still a lot of life in Hong Kong cinema .
93	Director Kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier English-language movie , the overpraised Elizabeth .
94	The movie is a blast of educational energy , as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes .
95	A sports movie with action that 's exciting on the field and a story you care about off it .
96	Doug Liman , the director of Bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie 's spycraft and uses Damon 's ability to be focused and sincere .
97	The tenderness of the piece is still intact .
98	Katz uses archival footage , horrifying documents of lynchings , still photographs and charming old reel-to-reel recordings of Meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history , but most powerful of all is the song itself
99	Like the film 's almost anthropologically detailed realization of early - '80s suburbia , it 's significant without being overstated .
100	While McFarlane 's animation lifts the film firmly above the level of other coming-of-age films ... it 's also so jarring that it 's hard to get back into the boys ' story .