sentence_index	sentence
1	The Rock is destined to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal .
2	The gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` The Lord of the Rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth .
3	Effective but too-tepid biopic
4	If you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun , Wasabi is a good place to start .
5	Emerges as something rare , an issue movie that 's so honest and keenly observed that it does n't feel like one .
6	The film provides some great insight into the neurotic mindset of all comics -- even those who have reached the absolute top of the game .
7	Offers that rare combination of entertainment and education .
8	Perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions .
9	Steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it 's so clever you want to hate it .
10	But he somehow pulls it off .
11	Take Care of My Cat offers a refreshingly different slice of Asian cinema .
12	This is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all .
13	What really surprises about Wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness .
14	-LRB- Wendigo is -RRB- why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind .
15	One of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever .
16	Ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much .
17	An utterly compelling ` who wrote it ' in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question .
18	Illuminating if overly talky documentary .
19	A masterpiece four years in the making .
20	The movie 's ripe , enrapturing beauty will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries .
21	Offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication .
22	A thoughtful , provocative , insistently humanizing film .
23	With a cast that includes some of the top actors working in independent film , Lovely & Amazing involves us because it is so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives .
24	A disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of imagery and hypnotic music composed by Philip Glass .
25	Not for everyone , but for those with whom it will connect , it 's a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare .
26	Scores a few points for doing what it does with a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism .
27	Occasionally melodramatic , it 's also extremely effective .
28	An idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone .
29	At about 95 minutes , Treasure Planet maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story .
30	However , it lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with Stevenson 's tale as well as with earlier Disney efforts .
31	It helps that Lil Bow Wow ... tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid .
32	Guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled .
33	A masterful film from a master filmmaker , unique in its deceptive grimness , compelling in its fatalist worldview .
34	Light , cute and forgettable .
35	If there 's a way to effectively teach kids about the dangers of drugs , I think it 's in projects like the -LRB- unfortunately R-rated -RRB- Paid .
36	While it would be easy to give Crush the new title of Two Weddings and a Funeral , it 's a far more thoughtful film than any slice of Hugh Grant whimsy .
37	Though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static .
38	Cantet perfectly captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes that permeate Vincent 's days
39	Ms. Fulford-Wierzbicki is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating Lolita turn .
40	Though it is by no means his best work , Laissez-Passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them .
41	Like most Bond outings in recent years , some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike .
42	A heavy reliance on CGI technology is beginning to creep into the series .
43	Newton draws our attention like a magnet , and acts circles around her better known co-star , Mark Wahlberg .
44	The story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that 's even less plausible than the rest of the picture .
45	Much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride .
46	Fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn .
47	The film makes a strong case for the importance of the musicians in creating the Motown sound .
48	Karmen moves like rhythm itself , her lips chanting to the beat , her long , braided hair doing little to wipe away the jeweled beads of sweat .
49	Gosling provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film .
50	A real movie , about real people , that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us do n't know .