501	It 's fun , but the code-talk will fly right over everyone 's head
502	Bourne , Jason Bourne .
503	He can scale a building like a super hero , he can out-stealth any agent , he 'll get the girl .
504	He 's Super Spy !
505	What makes the movie a comedy is the way it avoids the more serious emotions involved .
506	This cuddly sequel to the 1999 hit is a little more visually polished , a little funnier , and a little more madcap .
507	The pleasures of Super Troopers may be fleeting , but they 'll register strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor .
508	The film is exhilarating to watch because Sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor .
509	A distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of Hogan 's Heroes star Bob Crane .
510	The film delivers not just the full assault of Reno 's immense wit and insight , but a time travel back to what it felt like during those unforgettably uncertain days .
511	What might have been a predictably heartwarming tale is suffused with complexity .
512	Sound the trumpets : For the first time since Desperately Seeking Susan , Madonna does n't suck as an actress .
513	Although very much like the first movie based on J.K. Rowling 's phenomenal fantasy best sellers , this second go-round possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude .
514	-LRB- `` Take Care of My Cat '' -RRB- is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .
515	As the story moves inexorably through its seven day timeframe , the picture becomes increasingly mesmerizing .
516	Maguire is a surprisingly effective Peter\/Spider-Man .
517	Not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it 's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and those are reasons enough to see it .
518	The film runs on equal parts of innocence and wisdom -- wisdom that comes with experience .
519	It has fun being grown up .
520	Like old myths and wonder tales spun afresh .
521	Rarely do films come along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as Monsoon Wedding .
522	One scarcely needs the subtitles to enjoy this colorful action farce .
523	Quite funny for the type of movie it is ...
524	It 's often infuriatingly glib and posturing , and yet it has been made with great evident care and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer .
525	One of -LRB- Herzog 's -RRB- least inspired works .
526	This boisterous comedy serves up a cruel reminder of the fate of hundreds of thousands of Chinese , one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy .
527	Elling really is about a couple of crazy guys , and it 's therapeutic to laugh along with them .
528	An irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale .
529	There 's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film ... or the emotional integrity of the performances .
530	Few films this year have been as resolute in their emotional nakedness .
531	Exquisitely acted and masterfully if preciously interwoven ... -LRB- the film -RRB- addresses in a fascinating , intelligent manner the intermingling of race , politics and local commerce .
532	Stevenson 's performance is at once clueless and fiercely committed , a volatile combination .
533	This is a very fine movie -- go see it .
534	As shaky as the plot is , Kaufman 's script is still memorable for some great one-liners .
535	Despite its flaws , Secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions .
536	One of those rare , exhilarating cinematic delights that gets even better in hindsight , as you mull over its every nuance in your mind .
537	Not everything works , but the average is higher than in Mary and most other recent comedies .
538	A byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido .
539	A sensitive and expertly acted crowd-pleaser that is n't above a little broad comedy and a few unabashedly sentimental tears .
540	The film 's sharp , often mischievous sense of humor will catch some off guard ...
541	Does what a fine documentary does best : It extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively .
542	Almost every scene in this film is a gem that could stand alone , a perfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent .
543	A psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by Al Pacino .
544	You wo n't believe much of it , but you will laugh at the audacity , at the who 's who casting and the sheer insanity of it all .
545	This version 's no classic like its predecessor , but its pleasures are still plentiful .
546	The Bourne Identity is what summer screen escapism used to be in the decades when it was geared more to grownups .
547	Provide -LRB- s -RRB- nail-biting suspense and credible characters without relying on technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue .
548	If it tried to do anything more , it would fail and perhaps explode , but at this level of manic whimsy , it is just about right .
549	Too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience .
550	The saturation bombing of Reggio 's images and Glass ' evocative music ... ultimately leaves viewers with the task of divining meaning .
551	For all its serious sense of purpose ... -LRB- it -RRB- finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor .
552	A depressing confirmation of everything those of us who do n't object to the description `` unelected '' have suspected all along : George W. Bush is an incurious , uncharismatic , overgrown frat boy with a mean streak a mile wide .
553	This road movie gives you emotional whiplash , and you 'll be glad you went along for the ride .
554	Sure , it 's more of the same , but as the film proves , that 's not always a bad thing .
555	A lighthearted , feel-good film that embraces the time-honored truth that the most powerful thing in life is love .
556	A bowel-curdling , heart-stopping recipe for terror .
557	Daughter from Danang is a film that should be seen by all , especially those who are n't aware of , or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war .
558	Zhang Yimou delivers warm , genuine characters who lie not through dishonesty , but because they genuinely believe it 's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones .
559	... breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters . '
560	... both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry , so sit back , relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '
561	A pleasant romantic comedy .
562	It 's a Count for our times .
563	Greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
564	Smith 's point is simple and obvious -- people 's homes are extensions of themselves , and particularly eccentric people have particularly eccentric living spaces -- but his subjects are charmers .
565	A romantic comedy , yes , but one with characters who think and talk about their goals , and are working on hard decisions .
566	Vividly conveys both the pitfalls and the pleasures of over-the-top love .
567	... a weak , manipulative , pencil-thin story that is miraculously able to entertain anyway .
568	A pro-fat farce that overcomes much of its excessive moral baggage thanks to two appealing lead performances .
569	For the first two-thirds of this sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast and furious tale , kids will go happily along for the ride .
570	Majidi 's poetic love story is a ravishing consciousness-raiser , if a bit draggy at times .
571	The smartest bonehead comedy of the summer .
572	Effectively feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience .
573	I love the way that it took chances and really asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off .
574	In his debut as a film director , Denzel Washington delivers a lean and engaging work .
575	Only two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it : Anthony .
576	Hopkins .
577	The movie 's quiet affirmation of neighborhood values gives it an honest , lived-in glow .
578	A teasing drama whose relentless good-deed\/bad-deed reversals are just interesting enough to make a sinner like me pray for an even more interesting , less symmetrical , less obviously cross-shaped creation .
579	Hayek is stunning as Frida and ... a star-making project .
580	It 's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary ...
581	Hilarious , acidic Brit comedy .
582	As a revenge thriller , the movie is serviceable , but it does n't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions .
583	An ironic speculation on democracy in a culture unaccustomed to it .
584	It 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean , but I liked it .
585	Several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare .
586	The inherent strength of the material as well as the integrity of the filmmakers gives this coming-of-age story restraint as well as warmth .
587	Led by Griffin 's smartly nuanced performance and enthusiasm , the cast has a lot of fun with the material .
588	Tuck Everlasting achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth .
589	A gentle blend of present day testimonials , surviving footage of Burstein and his family performing , historical archives , and telling stills .
590	A Generation X artifact , capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely can not last .
591	Possession is Elizabeth Barrett Browning meets Nancy Drew , and it 's directed by ... Neil LaBute .
592	Hmm .
593	An uneven but intriguing drama that is part homage and part remake of the Italian masterpiece .
594	Windtalkers celebrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop .
595	Having never been a huge fan of Dickens ' 800-page novel , it surprised me how much pleasure I had watching McGrath 's version .
596	The best thing the film does is to show us not only what that mind looks like , but how the creative process itself operates .
597	For all its failed connections , Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood is nurturing , in a gauzy , dithering way .
598	This is pretty dicey material .
599	But some unexpected zigs and zags help .
600	The filmmakers skillfully evoke the sense of menace that nature holds for many urban dwellers .
601	The laser-projected paintings provide a spell-casting beauty , while Russell and Dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts , preciously exposed as history corners them .
602	You do n't have to be an especially tough grader to give a charitable B-minus to The Emperor 's Club .
603	This romantic thriller is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime England , and ably captures the speech patterns , moral codes and ideals of the 1940s .
604	Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it 's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances .
605	Viewed on its own terms , Treasure Planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the Stevenson 's novel will likely prefer Disney 's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic .
606	A journey through memory , a celebration of living , and a sobering rumination on fatality , classism , and ignorance .
607	Resourceful and ingenious entertainment .
608	`` Antwone Fisher '' is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by Washington .
609	It wo n't rock any boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking .
610	A historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail .
611	We need -LRB- Moore 's -RRB- noisy , cocky energy , his passion and class consciousness ; we need his shticks , we need his stones .
612	Although the editing might have been tighter , Hush !
613	sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern Japan .
614	-LRB- Gai -RRB- comes closer to any actress I can remember to personifying independence in its purest and , yes , most intimidating form .
615	These are lives worth watching , paths worth following .
616	It 's rather like a Lifetime special -- pleasant , sweet and forgettable .
617	A moody horror\/thriller elevated by deft staging and the director 's well-known narrative gamesmanship .
618	As a singular character study , it 's perfect .
619	It 's also the year 's sweetest movie .
620	A graceful , contemplative film that gradually and artfully draws us into a world where the personal and the political get fatally intertwined .
621	While not as aggressively impressive as its American counterpart , `` In the Bedroom , '' Moretti 's film makes its own , quieter observations
622	The experience of watching blobby old-school CGI animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting .
623	Time Changer may not be the most memorable cinema session but its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets
624	`` The Emperor 's New Clothes '' begins with a simple plan ... Well , at least that 's the plan .
625	Haynes has so fanatically fetishized every bizarre old-movie idiosyncrasy with such monastic devotion you 're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed .
626	-LRB- Director Peter -RRB- Jackson and his crew have so steeped themselves in the majesty of Tolkien 's writing that every frame produces new joys , whether you 're a fan of the books or not .
627	While the glass slipper does n't quite fit , Pumpkin is definitely a unique modern fairytale .
628	The drama is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes .
629	An exciting and involving rock music doc , a smart and satisfying look inside that tumultuous world .
630	An offbeat , sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing animated film about the true meaning of the holidays .
631	This version incarnates the prophetic book in a way even its exacting author might admire .
632	Sometimes , nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling .
633	And in this regard , On Guard delivers .
634	... ambition is in short supply in the cinema , and Egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters ' crises with seriousness and compassion .
635	An impossible romance , but we root for the patronized Iranian lad .
636	Like Dickens with his passages , McGrath crafts quite moving scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel .
637	There 's a disreputable air about the whole thing , and that 's what makes it irresistible .
638	an exceedingly clever piece of cinema .
639	another great ` what you do n't see ' is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
640	A carefully structured scream of consciousness that is tortured and unsettling -- but unquestionably alive .
641	A quietly reflective and melancholy New Zealand film about an eventful summer in a 13-year-old girl 's life .
642	Cute , funny , heartwarming digitally animated feature film with plenty of slapstick humor for the kids , lots of in-jokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone .
643	very solid , very watchable first feature for director Peter Sheridan
644	a budget affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the Bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives .
645	It suggests the wide-ranging effects of media manipulation , from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media ... to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like Hatfield and Hicks .
646	Workmanlike , maybe , but still a film with all the elements that made the other three great , scary times at the movies .
647	A pleasant enough comedy that should have found a summer place .
648	Branagh , in his most forceful non-Shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit .
649	Though the violence is far less sadistic than usual , the film is typical Miike : fast , furious and full of off-the-cuff imaginative flourishes .
650	Compelling as it is exotic , Fast Runner has a plot that rivals Shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder .
651	What it lacks in originality it makes up for in intelligence and B-grade stylishness .
652	The warm presence of Zhao Benshan makes the preposterous lying hero into something more than he reasonably should be .
653	This is as powerful a set of evidence as you 'll ever find of why art matters , and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives .
654	Director Rob Marshall went out gunning to make a great one .
655	Skip work to see it at the first opportunity .
656	Bow 's best moments are when he 's getting busy on the basketball court because that 's when he really scores .
657	Offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude .
658	In the end , Punch-Drunk Love is one of those films that I wanted to like much more than I actually did .
659	Sometimes , that 's enough .
660	An intimate , good-humored ethnic comedy like numerous others but cuts deeper than expected .
661	Ice Cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance ...
662	Both deeply weird and charmingly dear .
663	As blunt as it is in depicting child abuse , El Bola is a movie steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance .
664	Despite a story predictable enough to make The Sound of Music play like a nail-biting thriller , its heart is so much in the right place it is difficult to get really peeved at it .
665	An incredibly low-rent Danish film , it brings a group of people together in a sweet and charming way , if a little convenient
666	It 's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner , and even if it 's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly deep .
667	Director Nalin Pan does n't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other .
668	He simply presents his point of view that Ayurveda works .
669	No question .
670	What `` Empire '' lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .
671	Claude Miller airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications .
672	What Full Frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment .
673	Still , I 'm not quite sure what the point is ...
674	Rich in detail , gorgeously shot and beautifully acted , Les Destinees is , in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual .
675	-LRB- A -RRB- Hollywood sheen bedevils the film from the very beginning ... -LRB- but -RRB- Lohman 's moist , deeply emotional eyes shine through this bogus veneer ...
676	Do we really need a 77-minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman does n't work ?
677	Ford deserves to be remembered at Oscar time for crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier .
678	The film 's 45-minute running time stops shy of overkill , though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen .
679	Do n't expect any surprises in this checklist of teamwork cliches ...
680	As adapted by Kevin Molony from Simon Leys ' novel `` The Death of Napoleon '' and directed by Alan Taylor , Napoleon 's journey is interesting but his Parisian rebirth is stillborn
681	The movie addresses a hungry need for PG-rated , nonthreatening family movies , but it does n't go too much further .
682	This warm and gentle romantic comedy has enough interesting characters to fill several movies , and its ample charms should win over the most hard-hearted cynics .
683	A yarn that respects the Marvel version without becoming ensnared by it .
684	This is a happy throwback to the time when cartoons were cinema 's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable .
685	Complex , affecting and uniquely Almodóvar , the film evokes strong emotions and pushes viewers to question their deepest notions of moral right and wrong .
686	Good ol' urban legend stuff .
687	Not so much a movie as a picture book for the big screen .
688	This is n't my favorite in the series , still I enjoyed it enough to recommend .
689	It 's one of the most honest films ever made about Hollywood .
690	It is a film that will have people walking out halfway through , will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come .
691	On its own cinematic terms , it successfully showcases the passions of both the director and novelist Byatt .
692	Light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .
693	Pray 's film works well and will appeal even to those who are n't too familiar with turntablism .
694	Good movie .
695	Good actress .
696	But if you expect light romantic comedy , good gosh , will you be shocked .
697	It has the courage to wonder about big questions with sincerity and devotion .
698	It risks seeming slow and pretentious , because it thinks the gamble is worth the promise .
699	With youthful high spirits , Tautou remains captivating throughout Michele 's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast .
700	It 's an example of sophisticated , challenging filmmaking that stands , despite its noticeable lack of emotional heft , in welcome contrast to the indulgent dead-end experimentation of the director 's previous Full Frontal .
701	A very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage .
702	But tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference ...
703	Much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo .
704	Their computer-animated faces are very expressive .
705	The path Ice Age follows most closely , though , is the one established by Warner Bros. giant Chuck Jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie 's release .
706	Anchored by a terrific performance by Abbass , Satin Rouge shows that the idea of women 's self-actualization knows few continental divides .
707	Awkward but sincere and , ultimately , it wins you over .
708	Smith profiles five extraordinary American homes , and because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame , it 's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities .
709	Though the plot is predictable , the movie never feels formulaic , because the attention is on the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters .
710	Sam Jones became a very lucky filmmaker the day Wilco got dropped from their record label , proving that one man 's ruin may be another 's fortune .
711	Goyer 's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast .
712	Binoche and Magimel are perfect in these roles .
713	When your leading ladies are a couple of screen-eating dominatrixes like Goldie Hawn and Susan Sarandon at their raunchy best , even hokum goes down easily .
714	While Undercover Brother is definitely one for the masses , it 's also full of sharp , smart satire .
715	Gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife .
716	No wonder they 're talking about `` Talk to Her . ''
717	It 's astonishing .
718	For its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded .
719	Look , this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music .
720	It is inspirational in characterizing how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs .
721	It 's fairly self-aware in its dumbness .
722	A triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness .
723	Tailored to entertain !
724	A compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material .
725	has a plot full of twists upon knots ... and a nonstop parade of mock-Tarantino scuzbag types that starts out clever but veers into overkill .
726	A work of astonishing delicacy and force .
727	The film benefits greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor , as Cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin .
728	For the first time in several years , Mr. Allen has surpassed himself with the magic he 's spun with the Hollywood empress of Ms. Leoni 's Ellie .
729	Is n't quite the equal of Woo 's best earlier work , but it 's easily his finest American film ... comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his Hong Kong films .
730	The film hinges on its performances , and both leads are up to the task .
731	An intelligent , earnest , intimate film that drops the ball only when it pauses for blunt exposition to make sure you 're getting its metaphysical point .
732	A modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence .
733	A breezy , diverting , conventional , well-acted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of cat-and-cat .
734	What Jackson has accomplished here is amazing on a technical level .
735	As teen movies go , `` Orange County '' is a refreshing change
736	Makes S&M seem very romantic , and Maggie Gyllenhaal is a delight .
737	A deliciously mordant , bitter black comedy .
738	Although Life or Something Like It is very much in the mold of feel-good movies , the cast and director Stephen Herek 's polished direction pour delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles .
739	It is risky , intelligent , romantic and rapturous from start to finish .
740	The movie sticks much closer to Hornby 's drop-dead confessional tone than the film version of High Fidelity did .
741	A pleasant ramble through the sort of idoosyncratic terrain that Errol Morris has often dealt with ... it does possess a loose , lackadaisical charm .
742	... spiced with humor -LRB- ' I speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand -RRB- and witty updatings -LRB- Silver 's parrot has been replaced with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around -RRB-
743	This is a raw and disturbing tale that took five years to make , and the trio 's absorbing narrative is a heart-wrenching showcase indeed .
744	A beautiful and haunting examination of the stories we tell ourselves to make sense of the mundane horrors of the world .
745	Aside from being the funniest movie of the year , Simone , Andrew Niccol 's brilliant anti-Hollywood satire , has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it .
746	Watstein handily directs and edits around his screenplay 's sappier elements ... and sustains Off the Hook 's buildup with remarkable assuredness for a first-timer .
747	Just another fish-out-of-water story that barely stays afloat .
748	There 's an energy to Y Tu Mamá También .
749	Much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
750	It 's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that Hollywood too rarely provides .
751	Reinforces the often forgotten fact of the world 's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes .
752	You can feel the heat that ignites this gripping tale , and the humor and humanity that root it in feeling .
753	It 's hard not to be seduced by -LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- charisma , even in this run-of-the-mill vehicle , because this girl knows how to drive it to the max .
754	A movie for 11-year-old boys with sports dreams of their own and the preteen girls who worship Lil ' Bow Wow .
755	A refreshingly authentic coming-of-age tale .
756	If you 're not into the Pokemon franchise , this fourth animated movie in four years wo n't convert you -- or even keep your eyes open .
757	But fans should have fun meeting a brand-new Pokemon called Celebi .
758	From the big giant titles of the opening credits to Elmer Bernstein 's perfectly melodic score , Haynes gets just about everything right .
759	Whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of Steve Irwin are priceless entertainment .
760	Has a shambling charm ... a cheerfully inconsequential diversion .
761	Ferrara directs the entire film with the kind of detachment that makes any given frame look like a family 's custom-made Christmas card .
762	The movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music .
763	There are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting .
764	An incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams .
765	There 's not much more to this adaptation of the Nick Hornby novel than charm -- effortless , pleasurable , featherweight charm .
766	As a belated nod to some neglected all-stars , Standing in the Shadows of Motown is cultural history of the best kind : informative , revealing and richly entertaining .
767	Even if the ride 's a little bumpy , with a final lap that 's all too suspiciously smooth , you gotta give director Roger Michell , best known for the superfluous Notting Hill , credit for trying .
768	Not as distinctive or even as humorous as its needs to be to stand out , but it has clearly been made with affection and care .
769	This is Carion 's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence that many spend entire careers trying to reach .
770	An intelligent , moving and invigorating film .
771	... one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers I 've seen in quite a long time .
772	A clever blend of fact and fiction .
773	A vivid cinematic portrait .
774	Hilarious , touching and wonderfully dyspeptic .
775	Theirs is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical .
776	The film is an enjoyable family film -- pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses .
777	A frisky and fresh romantic comedy exporing sexual politics and the challenges of friendships between women .
778	It 's a good film -- not a classic , but odd , entertaining and authentic .
779	Flavorful and romantic , you could call this How Martha Got Her Groove Back -- assuming , that is , she ever had one to begin with .
780	Happily for Mr. Chin -- though unhappily for his subjects -- the invisible hand of the marketplace wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match .
781	Thurman and Lewis are hilarious throughout .
782	the plot is so amusingly contrived and outlandish in its coincidences that no one could ever mistake it for anything resembling reality
783	Hits one out of the park for the ` they do n't make 'em like that anymore ' department .
784	It dares to be a little different , and that shading is what makes it worthwhile .
785	-LRB- Fessenden -RRB- is much more into ambiguity and creating mood than he is for on screen thrills
786	The comic performances are all spot on , especially Lee Ross 's turn as Ken .
787	a compelling journey ... and `` His Best Friend Remembers '' is up there with the finest of specials .
788	At nearly three hours , the whole of Safe Conduct is less than the sum of its parts .
789	The Hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound .
790	The Hours is what movies are supposed to be ...
791	A bold and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what is popular and powerful in this high-tech age , speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of Philip Glass .
792	Pretty darn good , despite its smarty-pants aura .
793	So young , so smart , such talent , such a wise \*\*\* .
794	Woo 's fights have a distinct flair .
795	His warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos .
796	Barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful .
797	The ending does leave you unfulfilled , but these are performances to enjoy in a memorable ensemble piece .
798	... an agreeable time-wasting device -- but George Pal 's low-tech 1960 version still rules the epochs .
799	It 's a brave attempt to tap into the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds .
800	Offers an unusual opportunity to observe the inequities in the death penalty , not just the inherent immorality but also the haphazard administration of it and public misperception of how the whole thing works .
801	I do n't think I 've been as entranced and appalled by an Asian film since Shinya Tsukamoto 's Iron Man .
802	It is so refreshing to see Robin Williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he 's been making for the last several years .
803	Director Benoit Jacquot , making his first opera-to-film translation with Tosca , conveys the heaving passion of Puccini 's famous love-jealousy - murder-suicide fandango with great cinematic innovation .
804	Lilia 's transformation from strict mother to sensual siren is superficially preposterous , but Abbas infuses the role with an unimpeachable core of emotional truth .
805	Frida 's artistic brilliance is undeniable -- it 's among the most breathtakingly designed films I 've ever seen .
806	The perfect film for those who like sick comedies that can be snide .
807	` Charly ' will divide its audience in two separate groups , those reaching for more tissues and those begging for mercy ...
808	Nervy and sensitive , it taps into genuine artistic befuddlement , and at the same time presents a scathing indictment of what drives Hollywood .
809	A marvellous journey from childhood idealism to adolescent self-absorption .
810	The film is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess .
811	Sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film .
812	Though the film 's scenario is certainly not earthshaking , this depiction of fluctuating female sexuality has two winning lead performances and charm to spare .
813	A worthy tribute to a great humanitarian and her vibrant ` co-stars . '
814	A recent favourite at Sundance , this white-trash satire will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of Def Leppard 's Pyromania .
815	The recording session is the only part of the film that is enlightening -- and how appreciative you are of this depends on your level of fandom .
816	Occasionally funny and consistently odd , and it works reasonably well as a star vehicle for Zhao .
817	Bright seems alternately amused and disgusted with this material , and he ca n't help throwing in a few of his own touches .
818	The 3D images only enhance the film 's otherworldly quality , giving it a strange combo of you-are-there closeness with the disorienting unreality of the seemingly broken-down fourth wall of the movie screen .
819	Andersson creates a world that 's at once surreal and disturbingly familiar ; absurd , yet tremendously sad .
820	It 's predictable , but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth .
821	Often hilarious , well-shot and , importantly , entertaining , Hell House is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed .
822	De Oliveira creates an emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never showy , film whose bittersweet themes are reinforced and brilliantly personified by Michel Piccoli .
823	... an inviting piece of film .
824	The film 's real appeal wo n't be to Clooney fans or adventure buffs , but to moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers .
825	The fact that The Rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides -- is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays .
826	A deviant topical comedy which is funny from start to finish .
827	A startling and fresh examination of how the bike still remains an ambiguous icon in Chinese society .
828	A highly intriguing thriller , coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings . .
829	it 's a worthwhile tutorial in quantum physics and slash-dash
830	As Hugh Grant says repeatedly throughout the movie , ` Lovely !
831	Brilliant ! '
832	Cho 's fearless in picking apart human foibles , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience .
833	Her delivery and timing are flawless .
834	Works because , for the most part , it avoids the stupid cliches and formulaic potholes that befall its brethren .
835	At its best , The Good Girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery ...
836	An amazing and incendiary movie that dives straight into the rough waters of contradiction .
837	About nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become self-made celebrity athletes -- a low-down version of the American dream .
838	Occasionally , in the course of reviewing art-house obscurities and slam-bam action flicks , a jaded critic smacks into something truly new .
839	A miniscule little bleep on the film radar , but one that many more people should check out
840	`` 13 Conversations '' holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point .
841	A slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and upholstered .
842	Do n't plan on the perfect ending , but Sweet Home Alabama hits the mark with critics who escaped from a small town life .
843	It has a subtle way of getting under your skin and sticking with you long after it 's over .
844	The movie stays afloat thanks to its hallucinatory production design .
845	It helps that the central performers are experienced actors , and that they know their roles so well .
846	A provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love .
847	Worth the effort to watch .
848	That rara avis : the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind .
849	Boisterous and daft documentary .
850	Hawke draws out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in Burdette 's dialogue .
851	A work of the utmost subtlety and perception , it marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director Eric Byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy .
852	Full Frontal is the antidote for Soderbergh fans who think he 's gone too commercial since his two Oscar nominated films in 2000
853	It turns out to be a cut above the norm , thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting .
854	You might not want to hang out with Samantha , but you 'll probably see a bit of yourself in her unfinished story .
855	A work of intricate elegance , literary lyricism and profound common sense .
856	It 's as close as we 'll ever come to looking through a photographer 's viewfinder as he works .
857	Thoughtful , provocative and entertaining .
858	Witty , touching and well paced .
859	Lee Jeong-Hyang tells it so lovingly and films it so beautifully that I could n't help being captivated by it .
860	You have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they 're each interesting .
861	The movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll .
862	Enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yourself later .
863	A map of the inner rhythms of love and jealousy and sacrifice drawn with a master 's steady stroke .
864	A psychological thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive 's attention to detail .
865	Grant gets to display his cadness to perfection , but also to show acting range that may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte .
866	At times funny and at other times candidly revealing , it 's an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do .
867	Westfeldt and Juergensen exude a chemistry and comfort level that 's both saucy and endearing .
868	Harsh , effective documentary on life in the Israeli-occupied Palestinian territories .
869	The film is all a little Lit Crit 101 , but it 's extremely well played and often very funny .
870	Earns its laughs from stock redneck ` types ' and from the many , many moments when we recognize even without the Elizabethan prose , the play behind the thing .
871	A real story about real people living their lives concerned about the future of an elderly , mentally handicapped family member .
872	It 's absolutely spooky how Lillard channels the Shagster right down to the original Casey Kasem-furnished voice .
873	A dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble .
874	There is n't a weak or careless performance amongst them .
875	Smart science fiction for grown-ups , with only a few false steps along the way .
876	It 's a refreshing change from the self-interest and paranoia that shape most American representations of Castro .
877	Often moving and explores the discomfort inherent in the contacts between the American ` hosts ' and their ` guests . '
878	Though the controversial Korean filmmaker 's latest effort is not for all tastes , it offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding .
879	Lathan and Diggs have considerable personal charm , and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new .
880	The story may not be new , but Australian director John Polson , making his American feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly .
881	It 's endearing to hear Madame D. refer to her husband as ` Jackie ' -- and he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer .
882	The film often achieves a mesmerizing poetry .
883	More than makes up for its mawkish posing by offering rousing spates of genuine feeling .
884	It 's neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be .
885	But it offers plenty to ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds .
886	Occasionally funny , always very colorful and enjoyably overblown in the traditional Almodóvar style .
887	Merchant effectively translates Naipaul 's lively mix of characters from the page to screen .
888	Some movies are like a tasty hors-d'oeuvre ; this one is a feast .
889	What could have become just another cautionary fable is allowed to play out as a clever , charming tale -- as pleasantly in its own way as its self-dramatizing characters .
890	Davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces .
891	Achieves a sort of filmic epiphany that revels in the true potential of the medium .
892	Once you get into its rhythm ... the movie becomes a heady experience .
893	`` Auto Focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the Playboy era
894	If Mr. Zhang 's subject matter is , to some degree at least , quintessentially American , his approach to storytelling might be called Iranian .
895	A fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in Japanese animation .
896	... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... The film 's ending has a `` What was it all for ? ''
897	feeling to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there is a great deal of fun .
898	A worthy entry into a very difficult genre .
899	-LRB- Broomfield -RRB- uncovers a story powerful enough to leave the screen sizzling with intrigue .
900	Eight Crazy Nights is a showcase for Sandler 's many talents .
901	A sweet-natured reconsideration of one of San Francisco 's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads .
902	This is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory , and in spite of numerous minor flaws , Scorsese 's best in more than a decade .
903	Everywhere the camera looks there is something worth seeing .
904	A richly imagined and admirably mature work from a gifted director who definitely has something on his mind .
905	It 's a nicely detailed world of pawns , bishops and kings , of wagers in dingy backrooms or pristine forests .
906	A charming , quirky and leisurely paced Scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from Monty Python 's Meaning of Life .
907	It never fails to engage us .
908	Its direction , its script , and Weaver 's performance as a vaguely discontented woman of substance make for a mildly entertaining 77 minutes , if that 's what you 're in the mood for .
909	A charming romantic comedy that is by far the lightest Dogme film and among the most enjoyable .
910	This is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the Saturday matinee , and it still is .
911	The spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist .
912	Like its two predecessors , 1983 's Koyaanisqatsi and 1988 's Powaqqatsi , the cinematic collage Naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gazing film ever .
913	Baran is n't the most transporting or gripping film from Iran -- or , indeed , by its director -- but it 's a worthy companion to the many fine , focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations .
914	The visuals alone make Metropolis worth seeing .
915	Dark , resonant , inventively detailed and packed with fleet turns of plot and a feast of visual amazement .
916	A picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion .
917	A resonant tale of racism , revenge and retribution .
918	Noyce 's film is contemplative and mournfully reflective .
919	Here , Adrian Lyne comes as close to profundity as he is likely to get .
920	Evokes a little of the fear that parents have for the possible futures of their children -- and the sometimes bad choices mothers and fathers make in the interests of doing them good .
921	Rain is a small treasure , enveloping the viewer in a literal and spiritual torpor that is anything but cathartic .
922	An elegant , exquisitely modulated psychological thriller .
923	This concoction , so bizarre to the adult mind , is actually a charming triumph where its intended under-12 audience is concerned .
924	Droll caper-comedy remake of `` Big Deal on Madonna Street '' that 's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate `` Bellini '' begins to look like a `` real Kaputschnik . ''
925	It 's a beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation on a bunch of despondent and vulnerable characters living in the renown Chelsea Hotel ...
926	Is it a total success ?
927	No. .
928	Is it something any true film addict will want to check out ?
929	You bet .
930	Zany , exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure .
931	Dolgin and Franco fashion a fascinating portrait of a Vietnamese-born youngster who eagerly and easily assimilated as an all-American girl with a brand new name in southern Tennessee .
932	The disarming cornball atmosphere has a way of infecting the entire crowd as the film rolls on .
933	A refreshingly honest and ultimately touching tale of the sort of people usually ignored in contemporary American film .
934	Search it out .
935	Engrossing and affecting , if ultimately not quite satisfying .
936	The story , like life , refuses to be simple , and the result is a compelling slice of awkward emotions .
937	A sly game of cat and mouse that 's intense and thrilling at times , but occasionally stretches believability to its limits and relies on predictable plot contrivances .
938	Funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director George Hickenlooper all takes place in Pasadena , `` a city where people still read . ''
939	This horror-comedy does n't go for the usual obvious laughs at the expense of cheap-looking monsters -- unless you count Elvira 's hooters .
940	The movie 's eventual success should be credited to Dennis Quaid , in fighting trim shape as an athlete as well as an actor
941	Not a bad journey at all .
942	Sits uneasily as a horror picture ... but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family .
943	Windtalkers blows this way and that , but there 's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself .
944	There is a refreshing absence of cynicism in Stuart Little 2 -- quite a rarity , even in the family film market .
945	Eventually , it wins you over .
946	Noyce films it more as a shocking history lesson than as drama .
947	Like a south-of-the-border Melrose Place .
948	Those with an interest in new or singular sorts of film experiences will find What Time Is It There ?
949	well worth the time .
950	A wildly funny prison caper .
951	Huppert gives Erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she 'll crack .
952	Despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show ... represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there 's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it .
953	You 'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it .
954	The actors are so terrific at conveying their young angst , we do indeed feel for them .
955	The reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that Myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies .
956	It is a kickass , dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid that delivers and then some .
957	I have n't seen one in so long , no wonder I did n't recognize it at first .
958	a compelling portrait of moral emptiness
959	In Adobo , ethnicity is not just the spice , but at the heart of more universal concerns .
960	It is ridiculous , of course ... but it is also refreshing , disarming , and just outright enjoyable despite its ridiculousness .
961	... Blade II is more enjoyable than the original .
962	A film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject : You experience it as you watch .
963	The movie exists for its soccer action and its fine acting .
964	The movie is saved from unbearable lightness by the simplicity of the storytelling and the authenticity of the performances .
965	The film starts out as competent but unremarkable ... and gradually grows into something of considerable power .
966	Nothing Denis has made before , like Beau Travil and Nenette et Boni , could prepare us for this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre .
967	Reinforces the talents of screenwriter Charlie Kaufman , creator of Adaptation and Being John Malkovich .
968	Greene delivers a typically solid performance in a role that is a bit of a departure from the noble characters he has played in the past , and he is matched by Schweig , who carries the film on his broad , handsome shoulders .
969	Finds a way to tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original .
970	A stunning piece of visual poetry that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in Australia 's film history .
971	This is art paying homage to art .
972	... a joke at once flaky and resonant , lightweight and bizarrely original .
973	Invincible is a wonderful movie .
974	... a cute and sometimes side-splittingly funny blend of Legally Blonde and Drop Dead Gorgeous , starring Piper Perabo in what could be her breakthrough role .
975	Dazzling and sugar-sweet , a blast of shallow magnificence that only sex , scandal , and a chorus line of dangerous damsels can deliver .
976	Occasionally amateurishly made but a winsome cast and nice dialogue keeps it going .
977	Japan 's premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date .
978	Culkin , who 's in virtually every scene , shines as a young man who uses sarcastic lies like a shield .
979	Cuts right through the B.S. giving a big middle-fingered `` shut up '' to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another .
980	The AM-radio soundtrack and game cast -- Tierney and the inimitable Walken especially -- keep this unusual comedy from choking on its own conceit .
981	... does such a fine job of engulfing you in its world and allying you with its characters ' choices , good and ill , that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought .
982	Marvelous , merry and , yes , melancholy film .
983	From spiritual rebirth to bruising defeat , Vincent 's odyssey resonates in a profound way , comparable to the classic films of Jean Renoir .
984	Novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach .
985	Insomnia is involving .
986	Still , I thought it could have been more .
987	There was time on that second round to see the subtleties of Ramsay 's portrait of grief .
988	We can see the wheels turning , and we might resent it sometimes , but this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer .
989	A comprehensive and provocative film -- one that pushes the boundaries of biography , and challenges its audience .
990	The way Coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art -- is giddily entertaining .
991	A worthwhile way to spend two hours .
992	Francophiles will snicker knowingly and you 'll want to slap them .
993	Sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film .
994	One of the best of the year .
995	A love for films shines through each frame and the era is recreated with obvious affection , scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats .
996	Throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all , Nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another .
997	Makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man 's greatness .
998	An endlessly fascinating , landmark movie that is as bold as anything the cinema has seen in years .
999	... a haunting vision , with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations .
1000	It is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another .
