sentence_index	sentence
1	The Rock is destined to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal .
2	The gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` The Lord of the Rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth .
3	Effective but too-tepid biopic
4	If you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun , Wasabi is a good place to start .
5	Emerges as something rare , an issue movie that 's so honest and keenly observed that it does n't feel like one .
6	The film provides some great insight into the neurotic mindset of all comics -- even those who have reached the absolute top of the game .
7	Offers that rare combination of entertainment and education .
8	Perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions .
9	Steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it 's so clever you want to hate it .
10	But he somehow pulls it off .
11	Take Care of My Cat offers a refreshingly different slice of Asian cinema .
12	This is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all .
13	What really surprises about Wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness .
14	-LRB- Wendigo is -RRB- why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind .
15	One of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever .
16	Ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much .
17	An utterly compelling ` who wrote it ' in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question .
18	Illuminating if overly talky documentary .
19	A masterpiece four years in the making .
20	The movie 's ripe , enrapturing beauty will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries .
21	Offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication .
22	A thoughtful , provocative , insistently humanizing film .
23	With a cast that includes some of the top actors working in independent film , Lovely & Amazing involves us because it is so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives .
24	A disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of imagery and hypnotic music composed by Philip Glass .
25	Not for everyone , but for those with whom it will connect , it 's a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare .
26	Scores a few points for doing what it does with a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism .
27	Occasionally melodramatic , it 's also extremely effective .
28	An idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone .
29	At about 95 minutes , Treasure Planet maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story .
30	However , it lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with Stevenson 's tale as well as with earlier Disney efforts .
31	It helps that Lil Bow Wow ... tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid .
32	Guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled .
33	A masterful film from a master filmmaker , unique in its deceptive grimness , compelling in its fatalist worldview .
34	Light , cute and forgettable .
35	If there 's a way to effectively teach kids about the dangers of drugs , I think it 's in projects like the -LRB- unfortunately R-rated -RRB- Paid .
36	While it would be easy to give Crush the new title of Two Weddings and a Funeral , it 's a far more thoughtful film than any slice of Hugh Grant whimsy .
37	Though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static .
38	Cantet perfectly captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes that permeate Vincent 's days
39	Ms. Fulford-Wierzbicki is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating Lolita turn .
40	Though it is by no means his best work , Laissez-Passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them .
41	Like most Bond outings in recent years , some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike .
42	A heavy reliance on CGI technology is beginning to creep into the series .
43	Newton draws our attention like a magnet , and acts circles around her better known co-star , Mark Wahlberg .
44	The story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that 's even less plausible than the rest of the picture .
45	Much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride .
46	Fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn .
47	The film makes a strong case for the importance of the musicians in creating the Motown sound .
48	Karmen moves like rhythm itself , her lips chanting to the beat , her long , braided hair doing little to wipe away the jeweled beads of sweat .
49	Gosling provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film .
50	A real movie , about real people , that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us do n't know .
51	Tender yet lacerating and darkly funny fable .
52	May be spoofing an easy target -- those old ' 50 's giant creature features -- but ... it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today .
53	An engaging overview of Johnson 's eccentric career .
54	In its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works .
55	Some actors have so much charisma that you 'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book .
56	Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock are two such likeable actors .
57	Sandra Nettelbeck beautifully orchestrates the transformation of the chilly , neurotic , and self-absorbed Martha as her heart begins to open .
58	Behind the snow games and lovable Siberian huskies -LRB- plus one sheep dog -RRB- , the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart .
59	Everytime you think Undercover Brother has run out of steam , it finds a new way to surprise and amuse .
60	Manages to be original , even though it rips off many of its ideas .
61	Singer\/composer Bryan Adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .
62	You 'd think by now America would have had enough of plucky British eccentrics with hearts of gold .
63	Yet the act is still charming here .
64	Whether or not you 're enlightened by any of Derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' Derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
65	A pleasant enough movie , held together by skilled ensemble actors .
66	This is the best American movie about troubled teens since 1998 's Whatever .
67	Disney has always been hit-or-miss when bringing beloved kids ' books to the screen ... Tuck Everlasting is a little of both .
68	Just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .
69	The animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense .
70	The invincible Werner Herzog is alive and well and living in LA
71	Morton is a great actress portraying a complex character , but Morvern Callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start .
72	Part of the charm of Satin Rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .
73	Son of the Bride may be a good half-hour too long but comes replete with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness .
74	A simmering psychological drama in which the bursts of sudden violence are all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them .
75	A taut , intelligent psychological drama .
76	A truly moving experience , and a perfect example of how art -- when done right -- can help heal , clarify , and comfort .
77	This delicately observed story , deeply felt and masterfully stylized , is a triumph for its maverick director .
78	At heart the movie is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloring rather than substance .
79	The appearance of Treebeard and Gollum 's expanded role will either have you loving what you 're seeing , or rolling your eyes .
80	I loved it !
81	Gollum 's ` performance ' is incredible !
82	a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` Memento ''
83	If this movie were a book , it would be a page-turner , you ca n't wait to see what happens next .
84	Haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration .
85	Absorbing and disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little clarity would have gone a long way .
86	It 's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other Best Picture contenders should be measured .
87	Painful to watch , but viewers willing to take a chance will be rewarded with two of the year 's most accomplished and riveting film performances .
88	This is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of Iranian rural life close to the Iraqi border .
89	A few artsy flourishes aside , Narc is as gritty as a movie gets these days .
90	While The Isle is both preposterous and thoroughly misogynistic , its vistas are incredibly beautiful to look at .
91	Together , Tok and O orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death .
92	In the process , they demonstrate that there 's still a lot of life in Hong Kong cinema .
93	Director Kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier English-language movie , the overpraised Elizabeth .
94	The movie is a blast of educational energy , as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes .
95	A sports movie with action that 's exciting on the field and a story you care about off it .
96	Doug Liman , the director of Bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie 's spycraft and uses Damon 's ability to be focused and sincere .
97	The tenderness of the piece is still intact .
98	Katz uses archival footage , horrifying documents of lynchings , still photographs and charming old reel-to-reel recordings of Meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history , but most powerful of all is the song itself
99	Like the film 's almost anthropologically detailed realization of early - '80s suburbia , it 's significant without being overstated .
100	While McFarlane 's animation lifts the film firmly above the level of other coming-of-age films ... it 's also so jarring that it 's hard to get back into the boys ' story .
101	If nothing else , this movie introduces a promising , unusual kind of psychological horror .
102	In a normal screen process , these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the Discovery Channel .
103	But in Imax 3-D , the clichés disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography .
104	Writer-director Burger imaginatively fans the embers of a dormant national grief and curiosity that has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear .
105	... a roller-coaster ride of a movie
106	I enjoyed Time of Favor while I was watching it , but I was surprised at how quickly it faded from my memory .
107	Chicago is sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful in its execution .
108	Steve Irwin 's method is Ernest Hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume .
109	A refreshing Korean film about five female high school friends who face an uphill battle when they try to take their relationships into deeper waters .
110	On the surface , it 's a lovers-on-the-run crime flick , but it has a lot in common with Piesiewicz 's and Kieslowski 's earlier work , films like The Double Life of Veronique .
111	The values that have held the Enterprise crew together through previous adventures and perils do so again-courage , self-sacrifice and patience under pressure .
112	If it 's possible for a sequel to outshine the original , then SL2 does just that .
113	A romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained universe .
114	4 friends , 2 couples , 2000 miles , and all the Pabst Blue Ribbon beer they can drink - it 's the ultimate redneck road-trip .
115	The film is often filled with a sense of pure wonderment and excitement not often seen in today 's cinema du sarcasm
116	It might be tempting to regard Mr. Andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but Mr. Earnhart 's quizzical , charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists .
117	A feel-good picture in the best sense of the term .
118	Edited and shot with a syncopated style mimicking the work of his subjects , Pray turns the idea of the documentary on its head , making it rousing , invigorating fun lacking any MTV puffery .
119	A mostly intelligent , engrossing and psychologically resonant suspenser .
120	It 's this memory-as-identity obviation that gives Secret Life its intermittent unease , reaffirming that long-held illusions are indeed reality , and that erasing them recasts the self .
121	Hip-hop has a history , and it 's a metaphor for this love story .
122	In scope , ambition and accomplishment , Children of the Century ... takes Kurys ' career to a whole new level .
123	This may not have the dramatic gut-wrenching impact of other Holocaust films , but it 's a compelling story , mainly because of the way it 's told by the people who were there .
124	Between the drama of Cube ?
125	s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture , iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story , with charming results .
126	A gentle , compassionate drama about grief and healing .
127	Somewhere short of Tremors on the modern B-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes .
128	Digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians is a great glimpse into a very different world .
129	Unlike most teen flicks , Swimming takes its time to tell its story , casts mostly little-known performers in key roles , and introduces some intriguing ambiguity .
130	An enthralling , playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the ` truth ' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that Derrida would doubtless give his blessing to .
131	`` Extreme Ops '' exceeds expectations .
132	Good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
133	You Should Pay Nine Bucks for This : Because you can hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected .
134	Dramas like this make it human .
135	A thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between ; their shortage dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action .
136	Still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
137	It 's obviously struck a responsive chord with many South Koreans , and should work its magic in other parts of the world .
138	Run , do n't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen .
139	A classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done .
140	It is nature against progress .
141	In Fessenden 's horror trilogy , this theme has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale .
142	It 's not exactly a gourmet meal but the fare is fair , even coming from the drive-thru .
143	This is what IMAX was made for : Strap on a pair of 3-D goggles , shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier -- space .
144	Merely as a technical , logistical feat , Russian Ark marks a cinematic milestone .
145	-LRB- Schweiger is -RRB- talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists .
146	It 's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak .
147	But what spectacular sizzle it is !
148	... In this incarnation its fizz is infectious .
149	An original gem about an obsession with time .
150	It will delight newcomers to the story and those who know it from bygone days .
151	Gloriously goofy -LRB- and gory -RRB- midnight movie stuff .
152	The film overcomes the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity .
153	If your senses have n't been dulled by slasher films and gorefests , if you 're a connoisseur of psychological horror , this is your ticket .
154	It 's a minor comedy that tries to balance sweetness with coarseness , while it paints a sad picture of the singles scene .
155	It is intensely personal and yet -- unlike Quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times .
156	As lo-fi as the special effects are , the folks who cobbled Nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that George Lucas has long forgotten .
157	Like Mike does n't win any points for originality .
158	It does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids some welcome role models and optimism .
159	It 's a hoot and a half , and a great way for the American people to see what a candidate is like when he 's not giving the same 15-cent stump speech .
160	Far from perfect , but its heart is in the right place ... innocent and well-meaning .
161	A sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life .
162	Waydowntown is by no means a perfect film , but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality .
163	Tim Allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy .
164	More a load of enjoyable , Conan-esque claptrap than the punishing , special-effects soul assaults the Mummy pictures represent .
165	Enormously likable , partly because it is aware of its own grasp of the absurd .
166	Here 's a British flick gleefully unconcerned with plausibility , yet just as determined to entertain you .
167	It 's an old story , but a lively script , sharp acting and partially animated interludes make Just a Kiss seem minty fresh .
168	Must be seen to be believed .
169	Ray Liotta and Jason Patric do some of their best work in their underwritten roles , but do n't be fooled : Nobody deserves any prizes here .
170	Everything that has to do with Yvan and Charlotte , and everything that has to do with Yvan 's rambunctious , Jewish sister and her non-Jew husband , feels funny and true .
171	The year 's happiest surprise , a movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way .
172	Fans of Behan 's work and of Irish movies in general will be rewarded by Borstal Boy .
173	Its mysteries are transparently obvious , and it 's too slowly paced to be a thriller .
174	-LRB- But it 's -RRB- worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by Michael Caine and Brendan Fraser .
175	The film is faithful to what one presumes are the book 's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are .
176	Stephen Earnhart 's homespun documentary Mule Skinner Blues has nothing but love for its posse of trailer park denizens .
177	A solidly seaworthy chiller .
178	If you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of `` The Isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else .
179	There are as many misses as hits , but ultimately , it finds humor in the foibles of human behavior , and it 's a welcome return to the roots of a genre that should depend on surprises .
180	A well-made thriller with a certain level of intelligence and non-reactionary morality .
181	There 's enough science to make it count as educational , and enough beauty to make it unforgettable .
182	Remains a solid , if somewhat heavy-handed , account of the near-disaster ... done up by Howard with a steady , if not very imaginative , hand .
183	Makmalbaf follows a resolutely realistic path in this uncompromising insight into the harsh existence of the Kurdish refugees of Iran 's borderlands .
184	For a good chunk of its running time , Trapped is an effective and claustrophobic thriller .
185	Most of Crush is a clever and captivating romantic comedy with a welcome pinch of tartness .
186	Nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations ...
187	The seaside splendor and shallow , beautiful people are nice to look at while you wait for the story to get going .
188	Rare is the ` urban comedy ' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie .
189	Ranks among Willams ' best screen work .
190	Engagingly captures the maddening and magnetic ebb and flow of friendship .
191	An experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment .
192	It 's traditional moviemaking all the way , but it 's done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit .
193	Maybe it 's just because this past year has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades ... But honestly , Analyze That really is n't all that bad .
194	A droll , well-acted , character-driven comedy with unexpected deposits of feeling .
195	This is simply the most fun you 'll ever have with a documentary !
196	A very funny movie .
197	Watching Haneke 's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment .
198	But watching Huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting .
199	A cop story that understands the medium amazingly well .
200	Britney has been delivered to the big screen safe and sound , the way we like our 20-year-old superstar girls to travel on the fame freeway .
201	Those outside show business will enjoy a close look at people they do n't really want to know .
202	The kind of nervous film that will either give you a mild headache or exhilarate you .
203	Watching Beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it .
204	Children may not understand everything that happens -- I 'm not sure even Miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted .
205	A fascinating and fun film .
206	Tadpole is a sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat , slight but a pleasure .
207	This insightful , Oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance .
208	I admired this work a lot .
209	Whether you 're moved and love it , or bored or frustrated by the film , you 'll still feel something .
210	... there are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen .
211	My goodness , Queen Latifah has a lot to offer and she seemed to have no problem flaunting her natural gifts .
212	She must have a very strong back .
213	A smart , sweet and playful romantic comedy .
214	Australian actor\/director John Polson and award-winning English cinematographer Giles Nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .
215	Without heavy-handedness , Dong provides perspective with his intelligent grasp of human foibles and contradictions .
216	Solid , lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts .
217	As an entertainment , the movie keeps you diverted and best of all , it lightens your wallet without leaving a sting .
218	It is interesting and fun to see Goodall and her chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life screen .
219	It wo n't bust your gut -- and it 's not intended to -- it 's merely a blandly cinematic surgical examination of what makes a joke a joke .
220	A somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race .
221	It extends the writings of Jean Genet and John Rechy , the films of Fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal works of Goya .
222	Narc may not get an ` A ' for originality , but it wears its B-movie heritage like a badge of honor .
223	With the film 's striking ending , one realizes that we have a long way to go before we fully understand all the sexual permutations involved .
224	-LRB- Drumline -RRB- is entertaining for what it does , and admirable for what it does n't do .
225	At its best early on as it plays the culture clashes between the brothers .
226	An unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story .
227	A thoughtful look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 .
228	You walk out of The Good Girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of Justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .
229	Tsai Ming-liang has taken his trademark style and refined it to a crystalline point .
230	Purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that U.S. foreign policy has played in the rise of Castro .
231	Now trimmed by about 20 minutes , this lavish three-year-old production has enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism .
232	We get some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of Americana that Hollywood could n't possibly fictionalize and be believed .
233	Though this film can be clumsy , its ambitions are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial .
234	Daring , mesmerizing and exceedingly hard to forget .
235	Moore 's performance impresses almost as much as her work with Haynes in 1995 's Safe .
236	Visits spy-movie territory like a novel you ca n't put down , examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and keeps you guessing from first frame to last .
237	An absorbing , slice-of-depression life that touches nerves and rings true .
238	Mr. Parker has brilliantly updated his source and grasped its essence , composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom .
239	The result is something quite fresh and delightful .
240	All but the most persnickety preteens should enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure .
241	Despite its many infuriating flaws -- not the least of which is Amy 's self-absorbed personality -- Amy 's O 's honesty will win you over .
242	This is one of Polanski 's best films .
243	Day is not a great Bond movie , but it is a good Bond movie , which still makes it much better than your typical Bond knock-offs .
244	Polished Korean political-action film is just as good -- and bad -- as Hollywood action epics .
245	Is this progress ?
246	Elling , portrayed with quiet fastidiousness by Per Christian Ellefsen , is a truly singular character , one whose frailties are only slightly magnified versions of the ones that vex nearly everyone .
247	Denis and co-writer Michele Petin 's impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing .
248	Lead provocatuers Testud and Parmentier give superlative performances
249	An absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood .
250	I admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending .
251	The passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are set against the strange , stark beauty of the Mideast desert , so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air .
252	Remarkably accessible and affecting .
253	Never mind whether you buy the stuff about Barris being a CIA hit man .
254	The kooky yet shadowy vision Clooney sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive .
255	A triumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction !
256	Behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one ca n't help but think he 'd appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art .
257	Jirí Hubac 's script is a gem .
258	His characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving .
259	The scope of the Silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality . .
260	Moore 's complex and important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a David and Goliath story that 's still very much playing itself out .
261	The additional storyline is interesting and entertaining , but it does n't have the same magical quality as the beginning of the story .
262	I like the new footage and still love the old stuff .
263	Though Mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a Jules and Jim for the new millennium .
264	You might not buy the ideas .
265	But you 'll definitely want the T-shirt .
266	Provides an intriguing window into the imagination and hermetic analysis of Todd Solondz .
267	Windtalkers is shapelessly gratifying , the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live .
268	Presents an astute appraisal of Middle American musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it .
269	Just what makes us happy , anyway ?
270	A thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult issues with honesty and beauty .
271	One of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade .
272	You would n't call The Good Girl a date movie -LRB- an anti-date movie is more like it -RRB- , but when it 's good , it 's good and horrid .
273	Benefits from a strong performance from Zhao , but it 's Dong Jie 's face you remember at the end .
274	This is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever .
275	The director , Steven Shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun .
276	It ultimately stands forth as an important chronicle of the abuses of one of Latin America 's most oppressive regimes .
277	The movie has a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense .
278	A well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship .
279	Using his audience as a figurative port-of-call , Dong pulls his even-handed ideological ship to their dock for unloading , before he continues his longer journey still ahead .
280	... understands that a generation defines its music as much as the music defines a generation .
281	The Transporter is as lively and as fun as it is unapologetically dumb
282	As a witness to several Greek-American weddings -- but , happily , a victim of none -- I can testify to the comparative accuracy of Ms. Vardalos ' memories and insights .
283	Has it ever been possible to say that Williams has truly inhabited a character ?
284	It is now .
285	By presenting an impossible romance in an impossible world , Pumpkin dares us to say why either is impossible -- which forces us to confront what 's possible and what we might do to make it so .
286	An impressive debut for first-time writer-director Mark Romanek , especially considering his background is in music video .
287	An incendiary , deeply thought-provoking look at one of the most peculiar -LRB- and peculiarly venomous -RRB- bigotries in our increasingly frightening theocracy
288	All the performances are top notch and , once you get through the accents , All or Nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit .
289	`` its successes are also tempered with elements which prove the direct antithesis of what it gets right . ''
290	It 's solid and affecting and exactly as thought-provoking as it should be .
291	This is such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut that it 's hard to know what to praise first .
292	Parker holds true to Wilde 's own vision of a pure comedy with absolutely no meaning , and no desire to be anything but a polished , sophisticated entertainment that is in love with its own cleverness .
293	Münch 's genuine insight makes the film 's occasional overindulgence forgivable .
294	Thankfully , the film , which skirts that rapidly deteriorating line between fantasy and reality ... takes a tongue-in-cheek attitude even as it pushes the Croc Hunter agenda .
295	Ultimately , the message of Trouble Every Day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts life 's stasis .
296	If you 're like me , a sucker for a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat , then Mostly Martha offers all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite .
297	The film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments , archival footage , talking-head interviews -- and the music is simply sublime .
298	There are a few stabs at absurdist comedy ... but mostly the humor is of the sweet , gentle and occasionally cloying kind that has become an Iranian specialty .
299	A wonderful character-based comedy .
300	It would be interesting to hear from the other side , but in Talk to Her , the women are down for the count .
301	An endearingly offbeat romantic comedy with a great meet-cute gimmick .
302	The unique tug-of-war with viewer expectations is undeniable , if not a pleasure in its own right .
303	It uses an old-time formula , it 's not terribly original and it 's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie My Big Fat Greek Wedding .
304	It 's almost impossible not to be moved by the movie 's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-Soviet Russia .
305	Who knows what exactly Godard is on about in this film , but his words and images do n't have to add up to mesmerize you .
306	The tone is balanced , reflective and reasonable .
307	The principals in this cast are all fine , but Bishop and Stevenson are standouts .
308	It could change America , not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment .
309	What 's most striking about this largely celebratory film ... is the sense of isolation that permeates these bastions of individuality in an Ikea world .
310	... if you 're in a mind set for goofy comedy , the troopers will entertain with their gross outs , bawdy comedy and head games .
311	Somewhat blurred , but Kinnear 's performance is razor sharp .
312	As a director , Mr. Ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects .
313	For anyone who remembers the '60s or is interested in one man 's response to stroke , Ram Dass : Fierce Grace is worth seeking out .
314	Intriguing and beautiful film , but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed .
315	The New Guy does have a heart .
316	Now , if it only had a brain .
317	A savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in America 's culture of fear .
318	Legendary Irish writer Brendan Behan 's memoir , Borstal Boy , has been given a loving screen transferral .
319	The film 's greatest asset is how much it 's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture .
320	This clever caper movie has twists worthy of David Mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences .
321	It 's one of the saddest films I have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental .
322	Morton is , as usual , brilliant .
323	Even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the American Insomnia is still pretty darned good .
324	I do n't know precisely what to make of Steven Soderbergh 's Full Frontal , though that did n't stop me from enjoying much of it .
325	The tug of war that ensues is as much a snapshot of modern China in microcosm as it is a crash course in movie mythology .
326	Nearly surreal , dabbling in French , this is no simple movie , and you 'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it .
327	I enjoyed the ride -LRB- bumps and all -RRB- , creamy depth , and ultimate theme .
328	You could say that it 's slow at times , you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people would n't , but one thing you could n't say is that Alias Betty is predictable .
329	Asia authors herself as Anna Battista , an Italian superstar and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy .
330	Roman Coppola may never become the filmmaker his Dad was , but heck -- few filmmakers will .
331	But based on CQ , I 'll certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project .
332	An amusing , breezily apolitical documentary about life on the campaign trail .
333	High on melodrama .
334	But it 's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast .
335	Finally , a genre movie that delivers -- in a couple of genres , no less .
336	It 's not so much enjoyable to watch as it is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality , and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world .
337	Spielberg is the rare director who does not want to invite viewers to gawk at or applaud his special effects .
338	He just wants them to be part of the action , the wallpaper of his chosen reality .
339	Here , thankfully , they are .
340	Post 9\/11 the philosophical message of `` Personal Freedom First '' might not be as palatable as intended .
341	Hu and Liu offer natural , matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow , longing and love .
342	This bold and lyrical first feature from Raja Amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment .
343	Easier to respect than enthuse over , Andersson 's rigorous personal vision is not only distanced but distancing .
344	Girls gone wild and gone civil again
345	... Tunney is allowed to build an uncommonly human character , an almost real-live girl complete with trouble and hope .
346	While this film is not in the least surprising , it is still ultimately very satisfying .
347	Think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind .
348	Clever , brutal and strangely soulful movie .
349	... always remains movingly genuine .
350	An intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash .
351	Will grab your children by the imagination and amaze them and amuse them .
352	A remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution .
353	Those who would follow Haneke on his creepy explorations ... are rewarded by brutal , committed performances from Huppert and Magimel .
354	An involving true story of a Chinese actor who takes up drugs and winds up in an institution -- acted mostly by the actual people involved .
355	Hands down the year 's most thought-provoking film .
356	But it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship .
357	It 's a terrific American sports movie and Dennis Quaid is its athletic heart .
358	This is such a high-energy movie where the drumming and the marching are so excellent , who cares if the story 's a little weak .
359	Compelling revenge thriller , though somewhat weakened by a miscast leading lady .
360	It 's amazingly perceptive in its subtle , supportive but unsentimental look at the Marks family .
361	A whole lot foul , freaky and funny .
362	Attal mixes comedy with a serious exploration of ego and jealousy within a seemingly serene marriage .
363	The diversity of the artists represented , both in terms of style and ethnicity , prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time .
364	The Pianist is a fine valedictory work for Polanski , made richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain .
365	Foster nails the role , giving a tight , focused performance illuminated by shards of feeling .
366	Even if you ca n't pronounce `` gyro '' correctly , you 'll appreciate much of Vardalos ' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries .
367	Is office work really as alienating as ` Bartleby ' so effectively makes it ?
368	Farrell ... thankfully manages to outshine the role and successfully plays the foil to Willis 's world-weary colonel .
369	Audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucer-eyed , downy-cheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers will probably feel emotionally cheated by the film 's tart , sugar-free wit .
370	Bennett 's dramatization of her personal descent into post-breakup perdition has a morbid appeal that 's tough to shake .
371	An intriguing and entertaining introduction to Johnson .
372	As expected , Sayles ' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances .
373	A model of what films like this should be like .
374	As Weber and Weissman demonstrate with such insight and celebratory verve , the Cockettes were n't as much about gender , sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create .
375	Yeah , these flicks are just that damn good .
376	Is n't it great ?
377	An unbelievably fun film just a leading man away from perfection .
378	Over-the-top and a bit ostentatious , this is a movie that 's got oodles of style and substance .
379	... a poignant and powerful narrative that reveals that reading writing and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn in life .
380	Nicely serves as an examination of a society in transition .
381	A tender and touching drama , based on the true story of a troubled African-American 's quest to come to terms with his origins , reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle .
382	As a randy film about sexy people in gorgeous places being pushed and pulled -LRB- literally and figuratively -RRB- by desire ... -LRB- Sex and Lucía -RRB- makes for an arousing good time .
383	Absorbing character study by André Turpin .
384	Celebrated at Sundance , this slight comedy of manners has winning performances and a glossy , glib charm that 's hard to beat .
385	Renner 's performance as Dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing .
386	If no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy , it 's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch .
387	If you love reading and\/or poetry , then by all means check it out .
388	You 'll probably love it .
389	Though of particular interest to students and enthusiast of international dance and world music , the film is designed to make viewers of all ages , cultural backgrounds and rhythmic ability want to get up and dance .
390	Energetic and boldly provocative .
391	Star Wars is back in a major way .
392	It 's a movie -- and an album -- you wo n't want to miss .
393	It 's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , AND satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but Minority Report delivers all that and a whole lot more .
394	While not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there 's much truth and no small amount of poetry in Girls Ca n't Swim .
395	If there 's nothing fresh about Wannabes , which was written by Mr. DeMeo , who produced and directed the film with Charles A. Addessi , much of the time the movie feels authentic .
396	Jacquot 's Tosca is a treat .
397	By the end of No Such Thing the audience , like Beatrice , has a watchful affection for the monster .
398	If you liked such movies as Notting Hill , Four Weddings And A Funeral , Bridget Jones ' Diary or High Fidelity , then you wo n't want to miss About A Boy .
399	... the gentle melding of drama and comedy makes `` What Time Is It There ? ''
400	something the true film buff will enjoy .
401	Romanek keeps the film constantly taut ... reflecting the character 's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score .
402	I whole-heartedly recommend that everyone see this movie -- for its historical significance alone .
403	Hey , who else needs a shower ?
404	Longley has constructed a remarkably coherent , horrifically vivid snapshot of those turbulent days .
405	Although it bangs a very cliched drum at times , this crowd-pleaser 's fresh dialogue , energetic music , and good-natured spunk are often infectious .
406	Often gruelling and heartbreaking to witness , but Seldahl and Wollter 's sterling performances raise this far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie .
407	Go see it and enjoy .
408	The stunning , dreamlike visuals will impress even those viewers who have little patience for Euro-film pretension .
409	George Clooney proves he 's quite a talented director and Sam Rockwell shows us he 's a world-class actor with Confessions of a Dangerous Mind .
410	There 's a vastness implied in Metropolis that is just breathtaking .
411	Murderous Maids may well be the most comprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth .
412	The people in Dogtown and Z-Boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you ca n't wait to see what they do next .
413	As green-guts monster movies go , it 's a beaut .
414	As Bundy , Michael Reilly Burke -LRB- Octopus 2 : River of Fear -RRB- has just the right amount of charisma and menace .
415	A deceivingly simple film , one that grows in power in retrospect .
416	Ana is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie 's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible .
417	A slick , skillful little horror film .
418	A very witty take on change , risk and romance , and the film uses humour to make its points about acceptance and growth .
419	-LRB- Anderson -RRB- uses a hit-or-miss aesthetic that hits often enough to keep the film entertaining even if none of it makes a lick of sense .
420	Bubba Ho-Tep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by Bruce Campbell that does n't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it .
421	despite the long running time , the pace never feels slack -- there 's no scene that screams `` bathroom break ! ''
422	Bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability .
423	A film of precious increments artfully camouflaged as everyday activities .
424	Kinnear gives a tremendous performance .
425	The best movie of its kind since ` Brazil . '
426	Lucas , take notes .
427	This is how you use special effects .
428	`` Frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit ! ''
429	near the end takes on a whole other meaning .
430	One Hour Photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions ; it 's just too bad it does n't have more flashes of insight .
431	Kaufman creates an eerie sense of not only being there at the time of these events but the very night Matthew was killed .
432	Chalk it up to my adoration for both De Niro and Murphy , but I had a pretty good time with this movie - despite its myriad flaws .
433	Its scenes and sensibility are all more than familiar , but it exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time .
434	It represents better-than-average movie-making that does n't demand a dumb , distracted audience .
435	A charming yet poignant tale of the irrevocable ties that bind .
436	An enchanting spectacular for Potter fans anxious to ride the Hogwarts Express toward a new year of magic and mischief .
437	The talents of the actors helps `` Moonlight Mile '' rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing .
438	It 's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between Morgan and Redgrave .
439	This examination of aquatic life off the shores of the Baja California peninsula of Mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the IMAX format .
440	Dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny .
441	The movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects .
442	Starts off with a bang , but then fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end .
443	It 's still worth a look .
444	Most impressive , though , is the film 's open-ended finale that refuses to entirely close its characters ' emotional wounds .
445	A hip ride into hyper-time , Clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time .
446	Grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to Toback 's Heidegger - and Nietzsche-referencing dialogue .
447	... a polished and relatively sincere piece of escapism .
448	The story wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that 's rare in film today , but be warned : It 's a slow slog to get there .
449	The whole cast looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois , tossing around obscure expressions like Bellini and Mullinski , that the compact 86 minutes breezes by .
450	... has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they 're ghosts imagining themselves as alive .
451	It 's a sly wink to The Others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its `` men in a sardine can '' warped logic .
452	Long after you leave Justine , you 'll be wondering what will happen to her and wishing her the best -- whatever that might mean .
453	Still pretentious and filled with subtext , but entertaining enough at ` face value ' to recommend to anyone looking for something different .
454	Call me a wimp , but I cried , not once , but three times in this animated sweet film .
455	Notorious C.H.O. has oodles of vulgar highlights .
456	An inspiring and heart-affecting film about the desperate attempts of Vietnamese refugees living in U.S. relocation camps to keep their hopes alive in 1975 .
457	The level of maturity displayed by this 33-year-old first-time feature director is astonishing , considering her inexperience and her subject matter .
458	A splendid entertainment , young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense of ease that comes only with experience .
459	Disney 's live-action division has a history of releasing cinematic flotsam , but this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem .
460	If the message seems more facile than the earlier films , the images have such a terrible beauty you may not care .
461	Whether Kiss is a future cult classic or destined to be completely forgotten is open to question , but the risk-takers in the crowd should check it out and form their own opinion .
462	There are moments in this account of the life of artist Frida Kahlo that are among cinema 's finest this year .
463	Unfortunately , they 're sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of Kahlo 's life imaginable .
464	There are moments it can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected -LRB- and gentle -RRB- way .
465	Stay clear of reminding yourself that it 's a `` true story '' and you 're likely to have one helluva time at the movies .
466	There are just enough twists in the tale to make it far more satisfying than almost any horror film in recent memory .
467	The Sundance Film Festival has become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon Utah each January to ferret out The Next Great Thing .
468	` Tadpole ' was one of the films so declared this year , but it 's really more of The Next Pretty Good Thing .
469	Working from Elliott 's memoir , Rohmer fashions the sort of delicate , articulate character - and - relationship study he 's favored for decades .
470	The story feels more like a serious read , filled with heavy doses of always enticing Sayles dialogue .
471	When it really counts ... Bloody Sunday connects on a visceral level that transcends language .
472	The crime matters less than the characters , although the filmmakers supply enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us .
473	The actors are fantastic .
474	They are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .
475	Ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the year 's best acting , Personal Velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum .
476	I complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but The Bourne Identity proves that a fresh take is always possible .
477	Recalls quiet freak-outs like L'Avventura and Repulsion .
478	Only an epic documentary could get it all down , and Spike Lee 's Jim Brown : All American at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents .
479	... as the story congeals you feel the pieces of the Star Wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement .
480	A great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy need n't always make us laugh .
481	Tim Story 's not there yet - but ` Barbershop ' shows he 's on his way .
482	The movie is one of the best examples of artful Large Format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon .
483	Lends itself to the narcotizing bland -LRB- sinister , though not nearly so sinister as the biennial Disney girl movie -RRB- machinations of the biennial Disney boy movie .
484	Well-written , nicely acted and beautifully shot and scored , the film works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull .
485	Jason X has cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot .
486	-LRB- Taymor -RRB- utilizes the idea of making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work .
487	This is n't a new idea .
488	It 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .
489	An impressive if flawed effort that indicates real talent .
490	Two generations within one family test boundaries in this intelligent and restrained coming-of-age drama .
491	it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of Shainberg 's film is that it truly is romance
492	Disturbing and brilliant documentary .
493	... mesmerizing , an eye-opening tour of modern Beijing culture in a journey of rebellion , retreat into oblivion and return .
494	One of the best examples of how to treat a subject , you 're not fully aware is being examined , much like a photo of yourself you did n't know was being taken .
495	Not too far below the gloss you can still feel director Denis Villeneuve 's beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters .
496	As if to prove a female director can make a movie with no soft edges , Kathryn Bigelow offers no sugar-coating or interludes of lightness .
497	Her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant .
498	-LRB- Villeneuve -RRB- seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death .
499	The result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor .
500	Fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way ... that feels very human and very true to life .