
An impressive debut for first-time writer-director Mark Romanek, especially considering his background is in music video.
An incendiary, deeply thought-provoking look at one of the most peculiar (and peculiarly venomous) bigotries in our increasingly frightening theocracy
All the performances are top notch and, once you get through the accents, All or Nothing becomes an emotional, though still positive, wrench of a sit.
``its successes are also tempered with elements which prove the direct antithesis of what it gets right.''
It's solid and affecting and exactly as thought-provoking as it should be.
This is such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut that it's hard to know what to praise first.
Parker holds true to Wilde's own vision of a pure comedy with absolutely no meaning, and no desire to be anything but a polished, sophisticated entertainment that is in love with its own cleverness.
Münch's genuine insight makes the film's occasional overindulgence forgivable.
Thankfully, the film, which skirts that rapidly deteriorating line between fantasy and reality ... takes a tongue-in-cheek attitude even as it pushes the Croc Hunter agenda.
Ultimately, the message of Trouble Every Day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts life's stasis.
If you're like me, a sucker for a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat, then Mostly Martha offers all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite.
The film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments, archival footage, talking-head interviews -- and the music is simply sublime.
There are a few stabs at absurdist comedy ... but mostly the humor is of the sweet, gentle and occasionally cloying kind that has become an Iranian specialty.
A wonderful character-based comedy.
It would be interesting to hear from the other side, but in Talk to Her, the women are down for the count.
An endearingly offbeat romantic comedy with a great meet-cute gimmick.
The unique tug-of-war with viewer expectations is undeniable, if not a pleasure in its own right.
It uses an old-time formula, it's not terribly original and it's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big, dumb, happy movie My Big Fat Greek Wedding.
It's almost impossible not to be moved by the movie's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-Soviet Russia.
Who knows what exactly Godard is on about in this film, but his words and images don't have to add up to mesmerize you.
The tone is balanced, reflective and reasonable.
The principals in this cast are all fine, but Bishop and Stevenson are standouts.
It could change America, not only because it is full of necessary discussion points, but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment.
What's most striking about this largely celebratory film ... is the sense of isolation that permeates these bastions of individuality in an Ikea world.
...if you're in a mind set for goofy comedy, the troopers will entertain with their gross outs, bawdy comedy and head games.
Somewhat blurred, but Kinnear's performance is razor sharp.
As a director, Mr. Ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects.
For anyone who remembers the '60s or is interested in one man's response to stroke, Ram Dass: Fierce Grace is worth seeking out.
Intriguing and beautiful film, but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed.
The New Guy does have a heart. Now, if it only had a brain.
A savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in America's culture of fear.
Legendary Irish writer Brendan Behan's memoir, Borstal Boy, has been given a loving screen transferral.
The film's greatest asset is how much it's not just another connect-the-dots, spy-on-the-run picture.
This clever caper movie has twists worthy of David Mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences.
It's one of the saddest films I have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental.
Morton is, as usual, brilliant.
Even with all those rough edges safely sanded down, the American Insomnia is still pretty darned good.
I don't know precisely what to make of Steven Soderbergh's Full Frontal, though that didn't stop me from enjoying much of it.
The tug of war that ensues is as much a snapshot of modern China in microcosm as it is a crash course in movie mythology.
Nearly surreal, dabbling in French, this is no simple movie, and you'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it. I enjoyed the ride (bumps and all), creamy depth, and ultimate theme.
You could say that it's slow at times, you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people wouldn't, but one thing you couldn't say is that Alias Betty is predictable.
Asia authors herself as Anna Battista, an Italian superstar and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy.
Roman Coppola may never become the filmmaker his Dad was, but heck – few filmmakers will. But based on CQ, I'll certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project.
An amusing, breezily apolitical documentary about life on the campaign trail.
High on melodrama. But it's emotionally engrossing, too, thanks to strong, credible performances from the whole cast.
Finally, a genre movie that delivers -- in a couple of genres, no less.
It's not so much enjoyable to watch as it is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality, and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world.
Spielberg is the rare director who does not want to invite viewers to gawk at or applaud his special effects. He just wants them to be part of the action, the wallpaper of his chosen reality. Here, thankfully, they are.
Post 9/11 the philosophical message of ``Personal Freedom First'' might not be as palatable as intended.
Hu and Liu offer natural, matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow, longing and love.
This bold and lyrical first feature from Raja Amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment.
Easier to respect than enthuse over, Andersson's rigorous personal vision is not only distanced but distancing.
Girls gone wild and gone civil again
...Tunney is allowed to build an uncommonly human character, an almost real-live girl complete with trouble and hope.
While this film is not in the least surprising, it is still ultimately very satisfying. Think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind.
Clever, brutal and strangely soulful movie.
... always remains movingly genuine.
An intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash.
Will grab your children by the imagination and amaze them and amuse them.
A remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution.
Those who would follow Haneke on his creepy explorations ... are rewarded by brutal, committed performances from Huppert and Magimel.
An involving true story of a Chinese actor who takes up drugs and winds up in an institution--acted mostly by the actual people involved.
Hands down the year's most thought-provoking film. But it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship.
It's a terrific American sports movie and Dennis Quaid is its athletic heart.
This is such a high-energy movie where the drumming and the marching are so excellent, who cares if the story's a little weak.
Compelling revenge thriller, though somewhat weakened by a miscast leading lady.
It's amazingly perceptive in its subtle, supportive but unsentimental look at the Marks family.
A whole lot foul, freaky and funny.
Attal mixes comedy with a serious exploration of ego and jealousy within a seemingly serene marriage.
The diversity of the artists represented, both in terms of style and ethnicity, prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious, as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time.
The Pianist is a fine valedictory work for Polanski, made richer by his own experiences, making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain.
Foster nails the role, giving a tight, focused performance illuminated by shards of feeling.
Even if you can't pronounce ``gyro'' correctly, you'll appreciate much of Vardalos' humor, which transcends ethnic boundaries.
Is office work really as alienating as 'Bartleby' so effectively makes it?
Farrell ... thankfully manages to outshine the role and successfully plays the foil to Willis's world-weary colonel.
Audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucer-eyed, downy-cheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers will probably feel emotionally cheated by the film's tart, sugar-free wit.
Bennett's dramatization of her personal descent into post-breakup perdition has a morbid appeal that's tough to shake.
An intriguing and entertaining introduction to Johnson.
As expected, Sayles' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever, though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances.
A model of what films like this should be like.
As Weber and Weissman demonstrate with such insight and celebratory verve, the Cockettes weren't as much about gender, sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel, connect and create.
Yeah, these flicks are just that damn good. Isn't it great?
An unbelievably fun film just a leading man away from perfection.
Over-the-top and a bit ostentatious, this is a movie that's got oodles of style and substance.
...a poignant and powerful narrative that reveals that reading writing and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn in life.
Nicely serves as an examination of a society in transition.
A tender and touching drama, based on the true story of a troubled African-American's quest to come to terms with his origins, reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle.
As a randy film about sexy people in gorgeous places being pushed and pulled (literally and figuratively) by desire ... (Sex and Lucía) makes for an arousing good time.
Absorbing character study by André Turpin.
Celebrated at Sundance, this slight comedy of manners has winning performances and a glossy, glib charm that's hard to beat.
Renner's performance as Dahmer is unforgettable, deeply absorbing.
If no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy, it's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch.
If you love reading and/or poetry, then by all means check it out. You'll probably love it.
Though of particular interest to students and enthusiast of international dance and world music, the film is designed to make viewers of all ages, cultural backgrounds and rhythmic ability want to get up and dance.
Energetic and boldly provocative.
Star Wars is back in a major way.
It's a movie -- and an album -- you won't want to miss.
It's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye, challenges the brain, AND satisfies our lust for fast-paced action, but Minority Report delivers all that and a whole lot more.
While not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught, there's much truth and no small amount of poetry in Girls Can't Swim.
If there's nothing fresh about Wannabes, which was written by Mr. DeMeo, who produced and directed the film with Charles A. Addessi, much of the time the movie feels authentic.
Jacquot's Tosca is a treat.
By the end of No Such Thing the audience, like Beatrice, has a watchful affection for the monster.
If you liked such movies as Notting Hill, Four Weddings And A Funeral, Bridget Jones' Diary or High Fidelity, then you won't want to miss About A Boy.
...the gentle melding of drama and comedy makes ``What Time Is It There?'' something the true film buff will enjoy.
Romanek keeps the film constantly taut...reflecting the character's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving, heartbeat-like score.
I whole-heartedly recommend that everyone see this movie-- for its historical significance alone.
Hey, who else needs a shower?
Longley has constructed a remarkably coherent, horrifically vivid snapshot of those turbulent days.
Although it bangs a very cliched drum at times, this crowd-pleaser's fresh dialogue, energetic music, and good-natured spunk are often infectious.
Often gruelling and heartbreaking to witness, but Seldahl and Wollter's sterling performances raise this far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie.
Go see it and enjoy.
The stunning, dreamlike visuals will impress even those viewers who have little patience for Euro-film pretension.
George Clooney proves he's quite a talented director and Sam Rockwell shows us he's a world-class actor with Confessions of a Dangerous Mind.
There's a vastness implied in Metropolis that is just breathtaking.
Murderous Maids may well be the most comprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth.
The people in Dogtown and Z-Boys are so funny, aggressive and alive, you have to watch them because you can't wait to see what they do next.
As green-guts monster movies go, it's a beaut.
As Bundy, Michael Reilly Burke (Octopus 2: River of Fear) has just the right amount of charisma and menace.
A deceivingly simple film, one that grows in power in retrospect.
Ana is a vivid, vibrant individual and the movie's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible.
A slick, skillful little horror film.
A very witty take on change, risk and romance, and the film uses humour to make its points about acceptance and growth.
(Anderson) uses a hit-or-miss aesthetic that hits often enough to keep the film entertaining even if none of it makes a lick of sense.
Bubba Ho-Tep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by Bruce Campbell that doesn't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it.
despite the long running time, the pace never feels slack -- there's no scene that screams ``bathroom break!''
Bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability.
A film of precious increments artfully camouflaged as everyday activities.
Kinnear gives a tremendous performance.
The best movie of its kind since 'Brazil.' Lucas, take notes. This is how you use special effects.
``Frailty'' has been written so well, that even a simple ``Goddammit!'' near the end takes on a whole other meaning.
One Hour Photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions; it's just too bad it doesn't have more flashes of insight.
Kaufman creates an eerie sense of not only being there at the time of these events but the very night Matthew was killed.
Chalk it up to my adoration for both De Niro and Murphy, but I had a pretty good time with this movie - despite its myriad flaws.
Its scenes and sensibility are all more than familiar, but it exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and, at the same time, is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time.
It represents better-than-average movie-making that doesn't demand a dumb, distracted audience.
A charming yet poignant tale of the irrevocable ties that bind.
An enchanting spectacular for Potter fans anxious to ride the Hogwarts Express toward a new year of magic and mischief.
The talents of the actors helps ``Moonlight Mile'' rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing.
It's a humble effort, but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos, especially between Morgan and Redgrave.
This examination of aquatic life off the shores of the Baja California peninsula of Mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the IMAX format.
Dark and disturbing, but also surprisingly funny.
The movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects.
Starts off with a bang, but then fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end. It's still worth a look.
Most impressive, though, is the film's open-ended finale that refuses to entirely close its characters' emotional wounds.
A hip ride into hyper-time, Clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time.
Grenier is terrific, bringing an unforced, rapid-fire delivery to Toback's Heidegger- and Nietzsche-referencing dialogue.
... a polished and relatively sincere piece of escapism.
The story wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that's rare in film today, but be warned: It's a slow slog to get there.
The whole cast looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois, tossing around obscure expressions like Bellini and Mullinski, that the compact 86 minutes breezes by.
